#What is a digit-span test?
A digit-span test is a cognitive task that tests one's memory. Typically, a series of numbers is presented in some manner, and the testee is asked to recite the digits in order. The test continues until incorrect recitation, and can be modified to occur in reverse order.
#What is a Stroop test?
In a Stroop test, names of colors are presented in colors incongruent with the name. For example, the word "black" but in red text, and the testee is often asked to recite the color of the text.

The Stroop test and digit span tests are both classics in cognitive psychology and neuroscience. From these basic tasks, experiments concerning the speed and accuracy of memory consolidation and retrieval can be designed. For example, one could compare the results from a population to research the differences in working memory regarding numbers, words, and colors.

You will see a sequence of numbers displayed one at a time and be prompted to repeat them back in order. If correct, the number of digits will increase until you fail. Once comfortable with the basics, you can choose between alternative tasks such as reciting the sequence backwards or a Stroop-test variant, in which you will be shown a sequence of names of colors in a color conflicting with the name and be prompted to repeat the given words in order.
This program is built from a gui code and an experiment code. The gui file codes for a user interface where the task version can be selected and taken. This requires functions to create the tkinter window, creating labels for instructions and stimuli, coding for buttons, and functions to take text input from the user while checking for correct inputs (integers for number task, words from a predetermined list for color task). Input is taken at the very beginning to determine task type and after the sequence is shown, for the test itself. These functions are stored inside a Gui class so that the experiment file can reference them to run the experiment, such as for display_instructions.
The experiment code is in charge of creating the actual instructions and sequences based on the task type. It also has the function to actually run the experiment, step-by-step running functions such display_instructions and save_data.
